Add summary of pipeline permissions for teams (#1920)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/permissions.md

All users in a team have the same level of access to the pipelines in their team. If you need to have more fine grained control over the pipelines in a team, you can create more teams with different permissions.

### Pipeline-level permissions

> There are 3 levels of permissions that a team can be given on a pipeline, these are:

Reviewer: It's a good practice to avoid being specific about the number of items you're about to list to make maintenance easier as items are added or removed later. Perhaps:

```suggestion
You can grant teams the following permissions on a pipeline:
```

> * Full Access
>   - Can view and create builds
>   - Can edit pipeline settings
> * Build & Read
>   - Can view and create builds
>   - Can **not** edit pipeline settings
> * Read Only
>   - Can view builds
>   - Can **not** create builds
>   - Can **not** edit pipeline settings

Reviewer: Formatting nitpicks:

- Colons and periods.
- Use italics for emphasis rather than bold here.

```suggestion
* Full Access:
  - Can view and create builds.
  - Can edit pipeline settings.
* Build & Read:
  - Can view and create builds.
  - Can _not_ edit pipeline settings.
* Read Only:
  - Can view builds.
  - Can _not_ create builds.
  - Can _not_ edit pipeline settings.
```
